[WIP] Starting to get installation docs worked up (#61)
jcrist/dask-gateway: docs/source/index.rst

access to the underlying cluster backend (e.g. Kubernetes, Hadoop/YARN, HPC Job
queues, etc...).

> For installation, see the install guide (I dont remember how to do document links)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For installation, see the :doc:`install guide <installation>`.
```
